{\rtf1 \mac \ansicpg10000 \cocoartf \nisusversion40108 {\*\nisussysvers 10.13.2}\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 \froman \fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1 \froman \fcharset77 Times-Bold{\*\falt Times};}{\f2 \froman \fcharset77 Times-Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f3 \froman \fcharset77 Times-Italic{\*\falt Times};}{\f4 \froman \fcharset77 Times-BoldItalic{\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl ;}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}{Greg Raven;}}\nisusrevtypes0 \donotshowinsdel1 {\*\nisustoctable {\nisustoc \tcf68 {\nisustocname Default TOC}{\*\nisustoctabrep  }{\*\nisustocretrep  }{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 1}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 2}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 3}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 4}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 5}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 6}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 7}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 8}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 9}}\nisusactivetoc68
}{\*\nisusxetable {\nisusxe \xef68 {\nisusxename Default Index}{\nisusxeheaderstyle Index Heading}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 1}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 2}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 3}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 4}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 5}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 6}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 7}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 8}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 9}{\*\fldinst INDEX \\k ". " \\g \endash  \\e "\tab " \\l ", " \\f D}}\nisusactivexe68
}{\stylesheet {\s1413 \snext1413 \sbasedon1414 \f0 \ql\widctlpar\keep0\keepn0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\ltrpar\pardirnatural\hyphpar1\li0\lin0\fi0\ri0\rin0 Header;}{\s1414 \snext1414 \f0 \ql\widctlpar\keep0\keepn0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\ltrpar\pardirnatural\hyphpar1\li0\lin0\fi0\ri0\rin0 Normal;}{\s1415 \snext1415 \sbasedon1414 \f0 \ql\widctlpar\keep0\keepn0\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\ltrpar\pardirnatural\hyphpar1\li0\lin0\fi0\ri0\rin0 Footer;}}\defformat {\info {\*\nisusgmtoffset -8:00}{\*\nisusconvertedname StateParksCandDOrderResponse.docx}{\author Greg Raven}{\creatim \yr2017 \mo12 \dy9 \hr16 \min29 }{\revtim \yr2017 \mo12 \dy21 \hr16 \min26 }}{\*\userprops }\viewkind1
\viewzk1 \nisusviewruler1 \nisusviewrulerh1 \nisusviewrulerv0 \nisusviewtoolbar1 \nisusviewtooldrawer1 \nisusviewpagenumtype1 \nisusviewrulericons0 {\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind4 \viewscale125 }{\*\nisusviewsettings \viewkind1 \viewzk1 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\mode toc}{\*\visible 0}{\*\closedtochandles }}}{\*\nisuswindow \x754 \y422 \w1052 \h900 }\nisusrulerunits0
\nshwinv0 \nshwpg1 \nisusinlinespell1 \nisushyphnone \nisusselectstart0 \nisusselectlength0 \fet2 \ftnbj \paperw12240 \paperh15840 \margl1800 \margr1800 \margt1440 \margb1440 \gutter0 \pgnstart1 \nocolbal \widowctrl \f0 \sectd \endnhere \cols1 \ltrsect \colbalsxn0 \pgwsxn12240 \pghsxn15840 \marglsxn1800 \margrsxn1800 \margtsxn1440 \margbsxn1440 \guttersxn0 \headery720 \footery360 \pgncont \pgndec \sxnstarts1 \sxnrestart \sxndec {\header \plain \pard \s1413 \f0\fs24 }{\footer \plain \pard \s1415 \f0\fs24 }\deftab720
{\pard \nisusnos \nowidctlpar {\f1\b \nisusselectcaret Laura A. Reimche\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab October 17, 2014\par
Senior Staff Counsel\par
State of California\par
Department of Parks and Recreation \par
P.O. Box 942896\par
Sacramento, CA 94296\par
}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab {\f1\b By Electronic Mail and US Mail\par
}Dear Ms. Reimche,\par
\par
{\f1\b\ul RE: Alleged Trademark Infringement: BorderFieldStatePark.com\par
\par
}{\f1\b Introduction\par
}Certainly, Border Field State Park is the poster child for a park managed by Subaru-driving Birkenstock-wearing delusionals, where the men shave their legs and the women do not. Where the only permanent building in the place \endash
 the Tijuana Estuary Visitor Center \emdash  was built upon, or is proximal to, the many layers of human feces in the expansive sewage settling ponds gloriously installed and eventually abandoned by the nearby city of Imperial Beach \emdash  a city that is so toxic that it was used for the 2008 pilot program of the TV show Secret Millionaires which prominently featured images of PELIGRO \emdash  BIOHAZARD\u160 ?\emdash  SEWAGE signs on the city beaches, including those in California's Border Field State Park. Please note Exhibits#1, #2.\par
It seems evident that you are not really aware of what Border Field State Park really is and so my response to your Cease and Desist Order includes pertinent information that certainly must have been withheld from you or I believe you certainly would not have proceeded with this action against me. \par
If you are, however, in fact fully aware of all of what is presented about the park and its surrounds by me herein and the actual legal status of your alleged Trademark and still initiated your actions against me then I believe it all reaches a level of criminality I have certainly never seen in any government agency outside of Kim Jong Un's Hermit Kingdom.\par
\par
{\f1\b Prior Actions\par
}Please understand that I have been indirectly involved with State Parks in the past on another matter in Border Field State Park. I responded with a well-documented and well-researched complaint to the state of California\rquote
s Region Nine Water Quality Control Board and from the date of my well-documented formal complaint to costly resolution between state parks and the California\rquote s Region Nine Water Quality Control Board was about two years. Further, on yet {\f3\i another} matter I exposed confidential information of government activities in the park area to the San Diego County Board of Supervisors in open session with all five Supervisors present and with textural handouts to the audience and color slides projected on the public room\rquote
s projection screen before an audience of over a hundred. That debacle was covered by approximately 22 column inches of the San Diego Union newspaper and heads rolled.\par
\par
{\f1\b Border Field State Park Reality\par
}Border Field State Park is not a \ldblquote
normal\rdblquote  park as one would imagine other California Parks such as Old Town San Diego State Historical Park or Sonoma Coast State Park. \par
Yes, a few people may work in a tiny area at the far northwestern edge and they may want to save some part of nature\rquote s habitat but the true reality of the entire area \emdash  the Tijuana River Estuary and south to the border \emdash  is absolutely evil.\par
\par
{\f1\b References in the Text\par
}Nearly all further references to Border Field State Park will be to the "PARK"\par
\par
{\f1\b WARNING. \par
Some of the exhibits attached to this response to your C&D Order are VERY unsettling to normal persons. They unfortunately accurately represent the people, the criminality and environment in and around Border Field State Park.\par
\par
Trademarks\par
}I made a workmanlike diligent effort prior to my obtaining any Internet domain name that would consist of BorderFieldStatePark.com. That diligent effort included a full search of the United States Patent and Trademark Office database. I then obtained the domain name and constructed the website in the middle of the year 2004.\par
Possibly, the only other domain name that today references Border Field State Park is the TRNERR.ORG named website which was obtained by its owners in 2008.\par
\par
{\f1\b Prior Knowledge of BorderFieldStatePark.com\par
}It is virtually impossible for any normal person to say that state representatives and agents who obtained TRNERR.ORG or were using the Internet back in 2008 would not have considered or even sought a domain name similar to BorderFieldStatePark.com. \par
In addition, during the years between when my site was first operational \emdash
 2004 \emdash  and the TRNERR.ORG creation \emdash  in 2008 \emdash  it is a metaphysical certainly that persons interested in Border Field State Park \emdash  within the state government and without \emdash  visited my website for information and even as a model of what {\f3\i not }to have for their future websites\par
\page
\par
{\f1\b Lack of Diligence\par
}No effort was made in those intervening four years (between 2004 and 2008) by any state agency or office or person to contact me and correct any error on my site or to alert me to any possible question of ownership of any applicable Trademark. \par
Worse, no effort was made in the intervening ten years (between 2004 and early October of 2014) to alert me to any possible question of ownership of any allegedly applicable Trademark or its alleged use by me during those intervening {\f3\i\ul ten full years}{\ul .\par
\par
}{\f1\b Protecting Your Trademark\par
}As an alleged Trademark holder you are \emdash
 by law \emdash  obligated to husband that property. You are allowed some leeway but three years is the standard term allowable for failure to act. Of course, there is the issue that said Trademark does not actually exist at a national level. Certainly, my diligent effort to find any possible owner of such a Trademark failed to discover that because \emdash  through a quirk \emdash  the state of California has a {\f3\i privately held} trove of Trademarks that are not available for discovery on-line, nor is it common knowledge that such a trove even exists.\par
Further, it seems that State Parks has to {\f3\i renew }their Trademarks in that trove on a three year or possibly five year cycle and thus again and again and {\f3\i again }the status of BorderFieldStatePark.com would come to the fore, yet no action was taken over all those ten years of the site\rquote
s existence.\par
Certainly, ignorance of such a state level Trademark trove is not an excuse on my part. State Parks\rquote  complete and abject failure to monitor and police a Trademark that has been in use by a private entity for over {\f3\i\ul ten years} is absolutely a failure and an indication of gross incompetence and that incompetence has now \emdash
 by State Parks\rquote  failure to abide by the laws regarding the use and protection of Trademarks has forfeited that Trademark. The only way you can now seem to recover that Trademark is through intimidation of me and to coerce me and to silence me.\par
There is absolutely no difference between BorderFieldStatePark and the word KLEENEX. If you have a Trademark and it is accidently and in good faith \emdash  or even not in good faith \emdash used by another for years and years and this is obvious to all and is public knowledge for years and years that this other use is in effect and you {\f3\i do} {\f3\i absolutely nothing}; you eventually have no recourse. State Parks passed that \ldblquote
eventuality\rdblquote  with BorderFieldStatePark.com many, {\f3\i many} years ago.\par
In the present case, the alleged Trademark has been in use by me for more than {\f3\i ten years }and only now \emdash
 a full ten years on \emdash  do you come forward.\par
\page \par
\par
{\f1\b Failure To Police\par
}Part of the responsibility of having a Trademark is protecting it. I have had the website using the name BORDERFIELDSTATEPARK.COM  for over ten years. To launch the C&D Order at me only after ten full years of the site being fully active shows that State Parks abandoned that trademark years ago and were obviously not diligent in any way and that lack of diligence is called FAILURE TO POLICE. \par
\par
{\f1\b CyberSquatting} \emdash
 {\f1\b Possible Monetary Rewards\par
}Any advertising on the site is there only because Google at one time seemed to favor websites with their ads in their search results. The total "revenue" generated by all of those ads in all of the years that they have been on the site \emdash
 {\f4\b\i in total} \emdash  probably exceeds one dollar but is certainly less than ten dollars. This certainly does not represent any attempt to \ldblquote profit\rdblquote  from that website.\par
\par
{\f1\b Site Traffic\par
}Another indication of what is called \ldblquote
Cybersquatting\rdblquote  is luring high volumes of traffic to a site. Total traffic to the site is probably between ten and fifty visits per day. Again, {\f1\b the purpose of the site is to expose the }{\f4\b\i reality }{\f1\b of the park for the }{\f4\b\i record }{\f1\b and in }{\f4\b\i perpetuity}{\f3\i  }\emdash
 which you have made abundantly clear by your action against me is something you certainly do not want and do intend to erase from the web as quickly as possible.\par
\par
{\f1\b Illegal Taking\par
}Creating any website and filling it with content and maintaining the servers costs money and it is an investment. Your Cease and Desist Order to destroy that website now will negate my massive investment in the project. \par
This represents an illegal taking, as there has been no determination by a court of law that I must forfeit my past, current, and future investments.\par
\par
{\f1\b Name Not Applicable \par
}California Parks does not use park names for their website domain names. California Parks uses a CA.GOV followed by an index number pointing to a specific park. Thus, the Cease and Desist Order I believe is specious and its true purpose is clouded in some linkage to some unknown-to-me NGO or other group who has suddenly spurred you to action.\par
\page
\par
{\f1\b Possible Collusion\par
}Further, there are possibly over a hundred California parks and many of those parks have NGOs with internet domain names identical to their California state park names.\u160 ?One would assume that if State Parks Trademarked all of those park names as well, then there must have been some type of backroom deals with all of those NGOs to allow them use those Trademarked names. A Trademark \emdash  if it is in force and not abandoned or not policed as is your alleged BorderFieldStatePark Trademark \emdash  has some value and "giving" those trademarked names to private parties at no cost is usually illegal and certainly worth a much closer look by the Attorney General of the State of California.\par
Further, if those other park names were not Trademarked and only Border Field State Park was Trademarked \emdash  as you seem to allege \emdash  then this is even more evidence of some possible collusion between a government entity and some private party. \par
\par
{\f1\b Failure to Acknowledge a Trademark\par
}The fact that NGOs operate independent sites that are descriptive of other California State Parks is well known. For a Trademark to be protected then it is standard practice for each reference to that service mark to have either the letters or the symbol for \ldblquote
TM\rdblquote  or \ldblquote SM\rdblquote  proximal to each usage in the text or on the page and certainly with the reference to the actual owner of that Trademark also on the page. \par
None of the California State Park names on any of those sites that I have examined show the {\f3\i mandatory }acknowledgement of the ownership of the Trademark. Thus, all those sites are in violation and you may well have lost the value of each and every one of those other Trademarks \emdash
 depending upon the length of time those sites have been operating.\par
If this present matter it is adjudicated you risk the loss of {\f3\i\ul all} of those other Trademarks because I will use this corroborating evidence in court. \par
\par
{\f1\b Fraud\par
}With my website being singled out, one can't help but wonder if State Parks are concerned that the information on the site might limit donations to some NGO operating on park grounds because the reality of the place certainly does not match any of the information shown in their glossy brochures (such brochures \emdash
 if used to derive funding \emdash  I believe are in common parlance called an instrument used to defraud including in the acts of mail and wire fraud). \par
I should be commended for mitigating this potentially criminal act in that donations may arrive from people who have never actually visited the place and the NGO is counting on them basing their financial contributions on what has been told and shown them in those brochures that only an extremely charitable person would even describe as \ldblquote imaginative.\rdblquote  With my site operating, the NGO can at least later point to my Internet site as evidence of a less fantastical representation of the place \emdash  information that was always available as a resource to their donors (and possibly thus saving them from criminal prosecution). \par
\par
{\f1\b Acting as an Agent for an NGO\par
}The C&D Order admits to its being sent on behalf of persons who have \ldblquote
complained.\rdblquote  If the state is acting as an agent for an NGO in now attempting to take action against me then this could well be illegal \emdash  using taxpayer funds on behalf of a private entity.\u160 ?The state may not act as an agent for a private party and sometimes when such activity is exposed people get indicted. Further, any attempt to hide such a reality or to erase evidence in the pursuance of such effort is usually regarded as more criminal than the initial crime.\par
\par
{\f1\b Purposeful Differentiation\par
}The website in question was purposely created to look as if it had been created by toothless trailer trash on a 20 year old Apple Macintosh computer and to make it obvious to all but the truly paranoid and neurotic that it could not possibly be an official state-run website. Further, a quick survey of NGO sites describing other California parks makes this abundantly clear when sites are compared. \par
\par
{\f1\b Denigrating the Reputation of State Parks\par
}State park's actions in this matter are suspicious on their face thanks to the constant flood of information regarding illegal activities within the State Park structure and including but not limited to the secret hoarding of over 50 million of dollars of California taxpayer moneys. The resignation of Parks Director Ruth Coleman and the firing of her number two Michael Harris are just the tip of the iceberg. The secret "vacation buyout" efforts within State Parks \emdash
 hard cash changing hands \emdash  certainly indicate a tendency towards malfeasance. \par
The constant churning through evidence of State Parks\rquote  potentially illegal activities by three state investigative agencies is unsettling. Further, the exposure of State Park's efforts to reduce various acts of their employees from criminal to civil actions by purposely withholding the most damaging interrogation transcripts from these other agencies adds to my concerns about the honesty of the entire department in general. I believe your action against me further denigrates the reputation of State Parks. \par
\par
{\f1\b Anticipatory Obstruction of Justice\par
}This sudden issuance of a Cease and Desist Order at this extremely late date (many years too late) I believe \emdash
 with the many other California entities and representatives now under criminal investigation\emdash  that someone at State Parks might well have learned of some {\f3\i federal investigation} into State Parks activities or an NGO's operations in the PARK that may be planned or that are now extant. \par
I believe that such an attempt now \emdash
 with a possible federal investigation or ongoing federal investigation somehow now known to you \emdash  to destroy this website which is the singular unified and public documentation showing the reality of the PARK is what is called Anticipatory Obstruction of Justice. \par
One only has to wait for those federal endeavors to come to the fore and federal authorities to then attach your actions against me now to those later activities to demonstrate this specific federal crime. The federal penalty for this crime can be greater that than even in a RICO conviction. \par
I cannot stress this enough. The PARK is an evil place and so full of violence, treachery and wickedness that federal agencies look upon nearly any and all activities there to be somehow of a criminal nature and thus as with the saying \ldblquote To a hammer everything looks like a nail\rdblquote  the federal solution to most problems along the border from Interstate 5 to the Pacific Ocean is a criminal prosecution.\par
Again, you are not dealing with activities in Old Town and some woman\rquote s restaurant that turned into a {\f3\i Cause Celeb} for so many years. Certainly, that catastrophe helped in its own small way get Governor Gray Davis impeached. The State Parks\rquote
 selection of Delaware North Companies was quickly proved to be an utter catastrophe and Delaware North agreed and literally \ldblquote ran for the doors\rdblquote  and dumped that project pronto. \par
Border Field State Park is a melanoma on the ass of America and the billions of criminal dollars and abject violence surrounding it makes federal examination of anything going on there almost a dead certainty and a target for {\f3\i\ul extremely} vigorous criminal prosecution using all federal resources and laws at hand.\par
I have attached two exemplars of possibly a dozen recent and ongoing federal activities involving California state agencies and representatives. Please see Exhibits #20 and #21. I am aware of and can provide dozens more but limited my examples for sake of brevity.\par
I certainly do not believe you personally are doing anything more than what you have been told to do by issuing that Cease and Desist Order. Even so, I am not aware of any \ldblquote
{\f3\i I was just doing what I was told}\rdblquote  defense ever panning out especially as the case against me is so totally without merit.\par
\par
{\f1\b Foreign Inspiration and Influence In the Use of a Trademark\par
}I truly believe that your \ldblquote
{\f3\i many years too late Cease and Desist Order}\rdblquote  was in fact inspired and prompted directly or indirectly by the actions of the criminal entity that is Tijuana, Mexico. That is the only government entity I know of on this entire planet that has actually trademarked their name {\f3\i\ul specifically and admittedly} to quash any effort to expose that cesspool of abject violence and barbarity to public scrutiny. \par
To use Tijuana as your model and as your call to action says far more than you might imagine.  Please see Exhibit #5.\par
\page
\par
{\f1\b First Amendment Rights\par
}The destruction of this site is a violation of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. The site is the only one place on the Internet where one can access gathered and collated information on the actual conditions in the PARK. There is a no more blatant attempt to restrict the rights of free speech regarding the PARK in its entire history than your C&D Order.\par
\par
{\f1\b Tijuana \par
}That Romantic Village immediately to the South of the PARK \emdash
 with its name \ldblquote Tijuana\rdblquote  trademarked to quash any expose of that place as I have done of the PARK for over ten years has certainly failed in its efforts. I have attached certain exhibits showing the reality of Tijuana. I must warn the reader about the reality of Tijuana and the PARK and the very disturbing content of some of the Exhibits attached herein.\par
The PARK borders upon what is probably the second most violent city in Mexico where bodies hang from freeway overpasses and human heads are laid out like flower pots. Bodies scatter the streets looking like pin cushions.  Please see Exhibits #6, #7 and #8. \par
The attached exhibits accurately represent the \ldblquote why\rdblquote  of Tijuana\rquote s efforts to quash derogatory information about them by trademarking their name. All of that savagery is going on less than {\f3\i ten yards} from the PARK. \par
The people who perpetrate such acts do not stop their activities because of a few strands of border fencing. Those people are active in influencing people north of the border through violence and illicit funding.\par
\par
{\f1\b Border Field State Park }\emdash
{\f1\b  Suppression of Evidence\par
}To use the registry of a Trademark as a weapon to suppress overwhelming evidence of the reality of one of your parks is unprecedented. My site is the singular resource exposing the myriad levels of criminal activity in the park and its surrounding areas. As such it takes on a vital role. In intelligence, more than 95% of the information can actually be found in the public domain. It is the {\f3\i collection and collation} of that information into a {\f3\i single resource} that makes it so valuable. Thus, I understand how this vital resource that might be used to expose the reality of the PARK must be suppressed. Certainly the site is not a paean to the park\rquote
s ethereal future as seen in extant PARK or NGO presentations and brochures.\par
\par
{\f1\b Gateway for Sex Trafficking\par
}The PARK enables the movement of sex slaves from Tijuana, North though San Diego and to Los Angeles. Please see Exhibit #10.\par
\page
\par
{\f1\b Gateway for Violent Illegal Aliens.\par
}The PARK enables the movement of illegals \emdash  including and especially MS-13 gang members who because of their tattoos do not blend well with simple peasants looking for a free ride to life in America's welfare state. Many of these illegals are what are called \ldblquote
1326\rquote ers\rdblquote  which means they are illegal aliens returning to the US after having at least once been removed / deported (and usually removed / deported after serving prison time) under U.S. Code 1326.. These are exceedingly dangerous people facing ten years in federal prison when now apprehended on U.S. soil. Please see Exhibit #11.\par
\par
{\f1\b Environmental Protests Unknowingly Aiding and Abetting Criminality\par
}The PARK \emdash
 and many of its groups of supporters \emdash  were and are used as a focus and weapon in an effort to stop the construction of any defensive barriers along the US / Mexico border on "environmental" grounds. The Mexican government and the smuggling cartels all want the PARK to remain an unencumbered open \ldblquote Plaza" or \ldblquote Freeway\rdblquote  northwards and there is every reason to believe that classified US federal intelligence information describes illegal funding to various US groups \emdash  many of whom were simply \ldblquote useful idiots\rdblquote  \emdash  and to US city and California state representatives and I am truly amazed that you are willing to contemplate opening up that can of worms with your actions against me. Please see Exhibit#13.\line \par
{\f1\b Most Toxic \ldblquote Park\rdblquote  in United States\par
}The PARK is sporadically flooded with more than 25 million gallons of raw Mexican sewage that contains every fluid and solid excreted by a human body and that carry incredibly contagious diseases not seen in this country for 100 years. The only good news is that some of these fluids are industrial waste can dissolve the soles of your shoes and have in the past spontaneously caught fire. The good news is that the toxicity of these industrial fluids can kill biological contaminants and thus reduce the viability of many of those biologically contagious fluids. Lastly, nearly all of those fluids seep into the earth and become a bio-hazard worthy of level A or B HAZMAT suits and yet thanks to California Proposition 65, the state is not required to warn anyone of the extreme danger in digging into the park's beige earth. Please see Exhibits #15, #16, #17.\line
\par
{\f1\b The Rains Come \par
}Further, the PARK is the recipient of the fluids collected as rain from the entire watershed that flows from San Diego County in the United States and through Tijuana and\u160 ?everything from feral cats to dead dogs to aborted fetuses to dead children to full sized human bodies have sporadically scattered themselves amongst the PARK's flora after a rainstorm. Certainly, seeing a fermenting human torso stuck in a tree is somewhat unsettling especially when normal body bags \emdash  even doubled \emdash  are not sufficient to protect the recovery workers and BIOSEAL brand body bags should be used. Please see Exhibits #18, #19.\par
\page \par
{\f1\b Park Violence Abated By 1,000 Federal Agents\par
}The PARK is the only one in the nation (possibly the world) that has its own 1,000-man federal police force ensconced in a huge nearby gated fortress where armored cars are the norm and assault rifles and submachine guns must be \emdash
 and are \emdash  literally at the ready. The only thing that keeps the criminal activity levels as low as they are in the PARK is the massive Imperial Beach Station of the United States Border Patrol which overlooks the PARK.\par
Further, gun violence is so frequent and dangerous that the United States Border Patrol will often place an unoccupied armored car between their duty vehicle and the border fence to mitigate sniper attacks. Yes, this is {\f3\i exactly }what they have to do while operating within the PARK. Those thousand well-armed troops are all that stand between the utter savagery of Tijuana \emdash
 and the Mexican Cartels in general \emdash  and the people of the United States of America. Their battlefield is Border Field State Park. Please see Exhibit #25.\par
\par
{\f1\b Actual Visitor Count Inside the PARK\par
}On any given day by far the majority of all PARK "visitors" are in fact United States Border Patrol Agents acting in the line of duty. They usually outnumber PARK civilian visitors by two or three to one. The second largest population of PARK visitors would be the drug smugglers, sex traffickers, convicted felons re-entering the United States and less dangerous illegal aliens.\par
It is quite easy to verify the approximate traffic volume in the park. Simply go to Google Earth and look. What you will see is a tiny cluster of parked cars at that very Northwestern corner parking lot (maybe ten cars) and nearly all the other vehicles and people in the rest of the entire park all the way to the ocean are white United States Border Patrol vehicles. It is devoid of anyone else.\par
\par
{\f1\b CONCLUSION \par
Abandonment of Trademark\par
}Your failure to act as required by law in any even loosely described \ldblquote
timely manner\rdblquote  has cost you that Trademark. You failed to police the use of that Trademark for {\f3\i\ul ten years}. I have at all times acted in good faith and with great diligence during those ten years. Should this matter come to adjudication your position is dire and could set a precedent of monumental impact on other State Parks.\par
\par
{\f1\b Risk of Other State Park Trademarks\par
}Failure to protect the alleged Trademarks of the other parks through improper notice of Trademark ownership and / or that you have failed to police their use \emdash
 risks your loss of all them. \par
\page \par
{\f1\b This is not Old Town State Park\par
}I have tried to make it {\f3\i abundantly} clear that Border Field State Park is not a normal place and have provided you with that information in detail herein for the record and that I can swear to under oath. Millions of gallons of raw sewage, dead bodies, bullets flying overhead, Mexican Cartels, sex traffickers and sex slaves, MS-13 members. This matter is not the same as litigation against Diane Powers and her Bazaar Del Mundo (which proved to be an utter catastrophe for State Parks of state-wide proportions and helped bring down a state governor).\par
\par
{\f1\b The Streisand Effect.\par
}Trying to suppress information can backfire. Efforts to censor, intimidate and silence can very often cause unintended consequences. Instead of suppressing the information the effort becomes a vast source of ridicule and humor denigrating the attacker for many, {\f3\i many} years to come. Please see Exhibits #30, #31.\par
\par
{\f1\b Prior Matters\par
}I have unfortunately been indirectly involved with State Parks in the past and it took years for you to resolve the matter and it was not only time consuming but expensive for parks and the outcome was quite unfavorable to you. I have also brought the attention of the press to activities in the PARK and its surrounds and the coverage was \emdash
 again \emdash  quite unfavorable to you. In every single action I have taken concerning State Parks I have been extremely diligent and have been proved in the right each time.\par
\par
{\f1\b SLAPP LAWSUIT\par
}Your threat of legal action in this matter \emdash
 with the information above well-considered \emdash  is I believe a threat of a SLAPP LAWSUIT and I believe it is intended to censor, intimidate, and silence any and all critics of the state of California's actions, State Park's actions, certain NGO\rquote s actions, facts about certain foreign cities and warnings of the actual potential of violence within the PARK, the physical condition and health dangers of the PARK and any and all activities known and unknown to me regarding the PARK.\par
Under California Code of Civil Proceedings 425.16 such a legal proceeding will be met with a quick reaction from the court and the court will most certainly \ldblquote strike\rdblquote  the complaint.\par
\page \par
\par
{\f1\b To Resolve This Matter\par
}To resolve this matter I will remove any and all "advertising" from the PARK site. I will also add a warning statement at the top and at the bottom of each web page stating that:\par
{\f1\b "This site is maintained by former intelligence officers of agencies of the United States Government or their former contractors or others and is not an official site of the State of California or any California state department or any NGO serving Border Field State Park and is maintained solely to alert the public as to the  nature of the park, its visitors and its neighbors."\par
}These actions will end this matter in perpetuity.\par
\par
{\f1\b Timely Response\par
}I have carefully considered your correspondence and your allegations and my rights under the law. I certainly take your threat of legal action very seriously.\par
\par
Sincerely,\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Robert Beken\par
8690 Aero Drive #339\par
San Diego California 92123\par
\page
\par
\par
{\f1\b EXHIBITS\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par }}}}